docs/Kanban/Tracker.md, before:

---

kanban-plugin: basic

---

## BACKLOG

- [ ] Booking API<br>*Create infrastructure*<br>AWS ECS. Find out more about container orchestration.<br>Load balancer?


## TODO

- [ ] DB<br>*Add migrations scripts to CI/CD*
- [ ] Booking API<br>*Create Controllers (Client, Firm, Consultant, etc)*
- [ ] Booking API<br>*Add build to CI/CD*
- [ ] DB<br>*Decide and create the schema<br>How I should encrypt*<br><br>person_details depends on how the user logs in. So, I want to investigate OAuth before I move forward. There may be an easy solution or at the very least I won't have to redo work.
- [ ] OAuth. Where and how?
- [ ] Booking API<br>*US: Add Appointment*<br>F&B
- [ ] Booking API<br>*US: Add Consultant*<br>F&B


## DEV IN PROG

- [ ] Booking API<br>*US: Add Client F&B*<br>Requires persons person_details and client tables


## DEV COMPLETE



## TEST IN PROG



## TEST COMPLETE



## READY TO DEPLOY



## DONE

**Complete**
- [x] Pulumi Core CI/CD
- [x] Pulumi Booking Backend CI/CD
- [x] Pulumi Booking Frontend CI/CD
- [x] Booking Frontend (Solid)) CI/CD




%% kanban:settings
```
{"kanban-plugin":"basic"}
```
%%

Commit message:

Using Ant Design UI Library instead of skeleton

docs/Kanban/Tracker.md, after:

---

kanban-plugin: basic

---

## BACKLOG

- [ ] Booking API<br>*Create infrastructure*<br>AWS ECS. Find out more about container orchestration.<br>Load balancer?


## TODO

- [ ] DB<br>*Add migrations scripts to CI/CD*
- [ ] Booking API<br>*Create Controllers (Client, Firm, Consultant, etc)*
- [ ] Booking API<br>*Add build to CI/CD*
- [ ] DB<br>*Decide and create the schema<br>How I should encrypt*<br><br>person_details depends on how the user logs in. So, I want to investigate OAuth before I move forward. There may be an easy solution or at the very least I won't have to redo work.
- [ ] Booking API<br>*US: Add Client F&B*<br>Requires persons person_details and client tables
- [ ] OAuth. Where and how?
- [ ] Booking API<br>*US: Add Appointment*<br>F&B
- [ ] Booking API<br>*US: Add Consultant*<br>F&B


## DEV IN PROG

- [ ] React Redo<br>*Recreate the app in react and use a UI library*<br>- Decide a UI library<br>- Build the basic structure of the app


## DEV COMPLETE



## TEST IN PROG



## TEST COMPLETE



## READY TO DEPLOY



## DONE

**Complete**
- [x] Pulumi Core CI/CD
- [x] Pulumi Booking Backend CI/CD
- [x] Pulumi Booking Frontend CI/CD
- [x] Booking Frontend (Solid)) CI/CD




%% kanban:settings
```
{"kanban-plugin":"basic"}
```
%%
